Bloodshed follows bloodshed !
Rosa !
What's going on ?
It was the cartel, wasn't it ?
One of our children lies dead.
We cannot simple stand by
and allow it to happen to another.
This is for you.
I didn't see who dropped it off.
- Who's coming ?
- Dead man.
So we stand with you,
whatever may come.
We need to warn them.
Give them a chance to leave.
Why don't we call in the Feds ?
You should go.
Nothing's worth this.
When I die, the last thing
I want to see
is the face of every
man I have killed.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
TIN STAR
We have to go.
God is good.
And all powerful,
a rock in a troubled sea.
God is just and protects
those who believe.
He sees all
but he forgets nothing.
God is slow to anger
but his love knows no end.
But those who would make
an enemy of the Lord,
he will pursue into the dark realm.
He is fury,
he is wrath, he is vengeance
and affliction shall not
rise up a second time.
And the righteous shall rejoice
when they see the vengeance.
And he will bathe his feet
in the blood of the wicked.
We should go find your dad.
What's the plan ?
Let's be honest, dad doesn't give
a shit about these people.
Why are we still here ?
Hanging around ?
Will you sit down with me
for a minute.
Mum...
You're scaring me.
- That's you.
- Tiny.
The man holding you there
is your father.
That's not dad.
This is a joke, right ?
No, it's not a joke.
- You're not my dad ?
- No.
I know this is a shock. I always
imagined I'd tell you so differently.
But...
Your real dad,
he was a bit of a criminal.
But the people he and Jack
worked with...
- They're coming after us.
- Why ?
Because of something we did.
Me and Jack. What we saw.
Some of the stuff that we know.
It could hurt them.
Wait, just wait. Damn.
I don't get it.
So this is not about a cartel ?
No.
This is about you and you and me.
Yes.
And this all so difficult,
but I need you to know that you were
always wanted and always loved.
Yeah.
But you're my mum ?
You are my real mum ?
- Because if you tell me you're not I...
- I am your mother, darling girl.
I carried you inside me.
I brought you into this world.
Okay.
I'm so sorry.
She brought you to us,
you became a part of our family.
Yeah.
- I loved her.
- I let her down.
I sent her away without her
knowing the truth.
With no way to protect herself.
She never said goodbye to me.
You have to forgive yourself.
Perhaps if I'd been more
like your father
my daughter would be alive today.
I won't make that mistake again.
He's not my father.
What do you mean ?
He's not my real dad.
Jack. I just found out.
He loves you.
You belong together.
Have faith in that.
- You should leave.
- No.
No, I'm staying, Anna.
I'll kill every man responsible
for my daughter's death.
And I'm at peace with that.
Collen, Jess,
still packing, I see.
- You got my back, right ?
- Yeah.
Now we're fucking talking.
- I stand with you.
- Well, that's a relief.
You need a fucking shave mate.
Stop following me !
Why now ? Why've you never
told me before ?
Because he is a very dangerous man,
I didn't want you looking into him.
He was a cunt, love.
Your mum has very definite
taste in men.
How did you meet him ?
Working in a pub in Liverpool he owned.
I stayed upstairs.
He ran a chain of pubs
we ran a racket out of.
- We ?
- Yeah.
There wasn't much money
to be had as a barmaid.
So where's he now ? Prison ?
No. He's dead.
Dead ?
- Yeah.
- How ?
- He was killed.
So where do you fit into all of this ?
- He was an informer.
- On pub scams ?
No, it was a lot deeper than that.
- Were you an informer ?
- No.
And you two got together when ?
That happened a bit later.
But we went to London
cause we had to get you out.
- So what about now ?
- Now they want us dead.
We're going to do everything we can
to keep you safe, Anna.
The people who are coming.
They're like you ? Aren't they ?
Yeah.
And you don't think
we can win this one, do you ?
Don't, Johan. Don't.
Don't say what you do
not mean. Please.
- I did not mean to hurt you.
- But you do mean to harm. Don't you ?
If you take this path,
there is no end to it. No end.
You're becoming like them.
I'm not asking you to walk the same
path as me. That's my choice.
But you must take Thomas
and you must leave.
- I must ?
- Yes.
Where should we go ?
To Nelson ?
- I love you.
- Then why are you asking me to leave ?
- You're not safe if you stay here.
- I'm not safe if I go.
My daughter's grave is here.
I'll never leave.
Just as I'll never leave you.
This might be my last chance
to say this.
I don't care that you're not
my real dad.
You're the only dad I've got.
I don't want another one.
I love you, dad.
So we either live together
or we die together.
Let the fuckers come.
- You're a pickle.
- I thought I was a pickle.
No, you're not the fucking pickle,
you're the ketchup.
Pay attention.
So, I think they'll take us
at the trailer.
- How can you be sure ?
- I can't be.
So we're splitting up ?
Yeah, you get the low ground,
mum gets the high ground.
What about you ?
I'm the bun.
Marry me.
Nah.
Then I'd be stuck with you.
I'd like to keep my options open.
You used to beg me to marry you.
I know.
How many times ? Two, three ?
Four actually.
It's the last one stung
the most though.
Don't know how to say goodbye.
Then, don't.
Go back to your room, Thomas.
What do you reckon ?
I think she's stronger
than either of us.
If it all goes wrong, right...
No. If it goes wrong and we lose track
of each other and it goes fucking...
Tits up.
I'll see you in the pub.
The usual seat,
best view in the room.
Liverpool ?
Jesus, Jack,
you want to go back ?
We have to, don't we ?
If I can't do it, you need to do it.
So you need to do it.
Names are in the bag.
I'll have three pints on the bar.
Get there before I finish them.
- See you.
- Jack !
Come here to me.
See you.
Thomas.
Hey...
What are you doing here ?
Fuck off !
Fuck.
Look at me !
Go !
I'm gonna take this off
and put it on you.
It's okay. Here.
Look at me. It's okay.
Stay there.
Okay, straight through
the tractors. Go !
Okay, to the woods. Go !
You alright, Jack ?
Thomas, here, run.
Get out of here, run !
Run ! Run, Anna !
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org